[Music]
in modern-day America the corporation's
run our lives but one man is prepared to
take our country back this summer meet a
superhero like no other what anguish
your foot so bad then you could write it
off with your taxes
since the inception of Pootie Tang ad
campaign sales are down 30% he steals
from me come on pictures presents in
association with MTV Films and Chris
Rock production we got Pootie Tang in a
house the night a man too cool for words
let's listen up to the new record by
puddin Tang Pootie don't need no words
don't even need no music you can sip my
body lays yes any wonderful man
Lance cruther
Wanda Sykes boyo you said neck bone one
more time Chris Rock daddy
you damn right I'm your daddy Pootie
Tang
[Music]